we're evolving the sort of stars
universe it will be the universe that
people play through in the original game
and the two expansions and it'll be
expanded out into the future by about a
hundred years and so all the races
you're familiar with will have evolved
somewhat taking on new aspects gameplay
will take on new aspects and it will
generally be a familiar elements but it
involved game the main goals sort of
stars too will be much the same as sort
of stars which to conquer the galaxy
pick a side in this case the added
forces of the sukkah the Lords of winter
will be present and will be in
opposition to the player or the player
can play as them to try and conquer the
universe returning elements will be
modular construction of starships the
randomized tech tree all the races will
have their unique star drives as well
the game will still represent the clean
game elements we've come to expect with
new elements being enjoyable for
gameplay and interesting strategic
choices but without cluttering things
with detail or spreadsheets sort of
starts to is a space for X game strategy
based 4x standing for explore exploit
expand and exterminate players will take
the role of one emperor in one of the
Empire's and try and conquer all the
others there'll be a variety of
scenarios that are based on the history
of the universe and freeform games where
it's just simply like a sandbox where
you go out to explore stars and build
starships and research technologies
it'll be multiplayer up to 10 people and
it will retain the same turn-based
real-time hybrid where your strategic
turn is done on your own time and then
combat is a real-time combat mix in full
3d the hard sword of the stars is that
it's a toolbox that rewards the player
for his own tactics and strategy instead
of the game telling you how to win it's
up to you to decide how to do it it
provides numerous weapons numerous
tactics and there's technologies and you
as the player get to decide what it is
will come up the winning strategy new
features that sort of the Stars will
build on features in the original game
and expand them out in new and
interesting directions the tech tree
will of course be have random sections
and be expanded out for each race and
different disciplines but it will not be
the same old tech tree of the original
game with stuff just tacked on top it
will start at a higher level and move up
even farther past what you found in the
original game star systems will be more
detailed instead of just one abstracted
planet to fight over there will be
housed droids comets and multiple stars
the whole meal deal the six original
races from sort of the stars the Hivers
the humans the Tarkan's the zool the
Lear and the marici will all be back not
some not in the same forms as they were
in the original game some more
complicated factions fringes the marici
will form a Federation of other races in
which they will be the command and
control and military force guiding them
but they'll incorporate fact aspects of
all the other races real-time combat and
service ours too will be similar to sort
of sars one in the sense that will be
full 3d but the player will move the
ships and give them the fire orders in
2d while the ships themselves will move
in three dimensions so they'll avoid
each other dive and climb under each
other that sort of thing what will be
new for sots 2 is the movement scale
will be bigger players will have entire
star systems maneuvering this will make
things like searching out the enemy
scanning for the enemy deep attacks more
interesting it will give a variety of
tackling strategic choices to make and
it will also an open up a number of
targets to make instead of attacking the
main planning every time it'll be opened
up for you to attack a mining base or
habitation colonies around the moon that
sort of thing new weapons will do new
things the introduction of the battle
rider class means that you'll be able to
perform true carrier-based actions in
which you might keep your big support
carrier ship back and send out your your
battle riders deep into the system to
raid the planet or
hacker group of ships and then pull them
back in time to gets the carrier and
keep it safe service arts two will be
subtitled the Lords of winter this will
provide the enemy that's been hinted at
all the way through sort of the stars
one and the two expansion packs these
are the dangerous suka who originally
enslaved the Lear and created the zool
players have seen their actions from a
almost third-party perspective their
footprints through this sort of the
stars universe so to speak in sort of
the stars to they will meet them full-on
then they will be able to play them for
long and while we don't want to give too
much away right now it is safe to say
that they will introduce gameplay
elements and play like no other faction
in any other 4x game seen so far